Attendees:
- James
- Jason
- Taylor
- Chris

Story:
Dinkus the freak - the mutated one
Dorkus the normie - unmutated one
We do fortitude saves, but 2 fail:
Robert and Cro turn into the bulge-eyed guys
- 5 to search
- only 3-4 times per minute

After freaking out a bit, Robert tries to jump in the water to see if he can breathe in it.
Spoiler: he cannot.

We get back in the boats and make our way east to look at the EAST PILLAR on
our way to the NORTH SIDE WRECK
We see the pillar in the east, hexagon, smooth, about 30ft high.
On top is a red 1ft long gem or glass in the shape of an egg.
(like a gigantic scepter).

We are close to the shore and all decide to go ashore.

There is a corpse lying at the base of the pillar. Recently dead,
half its body blackened, eyes bulging.

Mo relieves him of his Fancy Shortsword. It is of fine weight and very sharp.
Dwigt tries to detect magic. The sword, pillar, and ruby-like egg on top are not all magic.

We boat to the wreck and see this wreck in 2 pieces, suspended on the reef. Fallen masts
and shredded sales hang off the galleon. Whiff helps find traps in the reef.

We get to the boat and see al the decks. It is broken right between the fore deck and
the aft deck.

Dinkus says bad fortune befalls anyone when you take what the dead claims their own.

We have access to a few places to board and search. We see a statue placed at the fore deck.

We start at the aft deck and see 2 whole corpses and 1/2 of a 3rd in a heap on the deck.
We miss A LOT of the jumps and all hurt ourselves real bad!
Dorkus and Dinkus take care of the bodies. We only see some broken ship supplies.
We see a door to the fore portion and a door to the aft portion.
The sound of metal to metal clapping. We see a room full of equipment that has
fallen chaotically off their stands in the room. 5 corpses are laying, skewered through.

We go back to the aft door and see a room full of blood and fish! Corpses of 4 sailors lay on
the floor covered in flopping fish. This part of the boat is at a strange angle. Across the way we see
a small ornate box chained to the wall at the far side of the room. We cross the way
and have to do agility checks to see if we get hurt.
Dwigt leaps across the span.
Cro flies like his namesake across the gap of the halves of the boat.
Rachel does a flip across the gap, with he elven grace.
Cro slips and falls into the heap. IT'S GROSS.
He is covered with excrement, blood, and fish smell.
Dwigt does the same thing. Gross.
The two of us tie up the box and we all succesfully hoist it across the
opening of the boat.
